one of the most anticipated moments of
year arrives at portaventura prepared for
spend a terrifyingly funny day
welcome to halloween
one of the attractions of this era is
the giant park decoration
scarecrow crowd of spiders that
invade the whole area of ​​the Mediterranean
and thousands of pumpkins of all types
and sizes is what we find from the
entry
also the characters of the park have been
disguised for the occasion and give us the
welcome
the far west area concentrates the largest
amount of halloween decoration
gigantic spiders plus pumpkins
skeletons and other elements represent
this American holiday and what
transform completely
the shows are also dressed
left web and in each of them
we can find an adapted version
for the occasion both adults and children
They can enjoy their characters
favorites
the largest format show what
we found in the great imperial theater
mystery resurrection that moves us to
a conservatory of the 19th century
the fargo room is has been invaded
by vampires a show full of
mystery dances a good dose of humor
and a great voice from noelia cano
during halloween the temple of fire
it allows us to live an ancient prophecy
the mayan curse
several archaeologists have already suffered their
consequences and only the bravest
They may face
answer
that's why many plants
these posts
two
when going out to the corners about
everything we expected is not something old
but it's pretty good if I say that a
I liked it a lot, it's great
very good and atlantis and trembled but I
more or less and I was very afraid
but the siphonophores or the samples is
the monsters for me was improved that
the decision and if you still want more
scares the horror characters
unrepentant are waiting you will be able
to cross this passage without flinching
and is very very very happy last
minute from end to end
in the end
I'm going
with this
for me
that nothing boys there is a new map
but
yes
d
and in the darkness of the night the area of
Polynesia is transformed into the jungle of
fear ones that are with more than 50 actors
in a terrifying jungle environment
fresh air
this year for your adventure together with the
collaboration of filmax incorporate a
new scene in the jungle of fear rec 3
genesis that reproduces the most
acquaintances of this feature film
and